CVS-58781 Scale/mean preprocessing example server side with custom node (#878)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/ovms_onnx_example.md

└── 1
    └── resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx
```

> Note that the downloaded model requires additional [preprocessing function](https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/master/vision/classification/resnet#preprocessing). Preprocessing can be performed in the client by manipulating data before sending the request. Preprocessing can be also done on the server side by creating DAG and using custom processing node. Both methods will be explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the downloaded model requires additional [preprocessing function](https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/master/vision/classification/resnet#preprocessing). Preprocessing can be performed in the client by manipulating data before sending the request. Preprocessing can be also delegated to the server by creating a DAG and using a custom processing node. Both methods will be explained below.
```

```

It shows the following output:
```bash
bee.jpeg (1, 3, 224, 224) ; data range: -2.117904 : 2.64
Class is with highest score: 309
Detected class name: bee
```

## Option 2: Adding preprocessing to the server side (building a DAG) <a name="#server-side"></a>

Create configuration file with DAG containing two sequential nodes: one being the _image transformation node_ and one _DL model node_ resnet. The job of image transformation node will be to preprocess the image data to match format required by ONNX model `resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx`.

The example [configuration file](../src/custom_nodes/image_transformation/config_with_preprocessing_node.json) is available in _image transformation_ custom node directory.  
Image transformation custom node library building steps can be found [here](../src/custom_nodes/image_transformation).

Prepare workspace with the model, preprocessing node library and configuration file.
```
$ tree workspace

workspace
├── config_with_preprocessing_node.json
├── lib
│   └── libcustom_node_image_transformation.so
└── models
    └── resnet50-caffe2-v1
        └── 1
            └── resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx
```

> Start the OVMS container with configuration file option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the OVMS container with a configuration file option:
```

```bash
docker run -d -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd)/resnet:/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \
--config_path /workspace/config_with_preprocessing_node.json --port 9001
```

> Use example binary input client to send JPEG images to the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a sample client to send JPEG images to the server:
```

```
$ cd model_server/example_client

$ python3 grpc_binary_client.py --grpc_port 9001 --input_name 0 --output_name 1463 --model_name resnet --batchsize 1
```

> You should see 100% overall accurracy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the client output including performance and accuracy results:
```

```
Start processing:
        Model name: resnet
        Images list file: input_images.txt

> Batch: 0; Processing time: 38.65 ms; speed 25.87 fps

Reviewer: maybe the performance would be better with 1 stream on ovms side?

Author: There is significant perf boosst with 1 stream. Changed the doc and config file.

         1 airliner 404 ; Correct match.
Batch: 1; Processing time: 42.42 ms; speed 23.57 fps
         2 Arctic fox, white fox, Alopex lagopus 279 ; Correct match.
Batch: 2; Processing time: 40.85 ms; speed 24.48 fps
         3 bee 309 ; Correct match.
Batch: 3; Processing time: 34.50 ms; speed 28.98 fps
         4 golden retriever 207 ; Correct match.
Batch: 4; Processing time: 35.81 ms; speed 27.92 fps
         5 gorilla, Gorilla gorilla 366 ; Correct match.
Batch: 5; Processing time: 34.98 ms; speed 28.59 fps
         6 magnetic compass 635 ; Correct match.
Batch: 6; Processing time: 34.79 ms; speed 28.74 fps
         7 peacock 84 ; Correct match.
Batch: 7; Processing time: 36.86 ms; speed 27.13 fps
         8 pelican 144 ; Correct match.
Batch: 8; Processing time: 41.93 ms; speed 23.85 fps
         9 snail 113 ; Correct match.
Batch: 9; Processing time: 38.24 ms; speed 26.15 fps
         10 zebra 340 ; Correct match.
Overall accuracy= 100.0 %
Average latency= 37.2 ms
```

> ## Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Node parameters explanation
```

> Additional preprocessing step allowed us to apply division and substraction to each pixel value in the image. We performed this calculation by passing two parameters to _image transformation_ custom node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional preprocessing step applies a division and an subtraction to each pixel value in the image. This calculation is configured by passing two parameters to _image transformation_ custom node:
```

```
"params": {
  ...
  "mean_values": "[123.675,116.28,103.53]",
  "scale_values": "[58.395,57.12,57.375]",
  ...
}
```

> For each pixel we substracted `123.675` from blue value, `116.28` from green value and `103.53` from red value. Next, we performed division operation in the same color order using `58.395`, `57.12`, `57.375` values. This way we matched image data to input required by onnx model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each pixel, the custom node subtractes `123.675` from blue value, `116.28` from green value and `103.53` from red value. Next, it divides in the same color order using `58.395`, `57.12`, `57.375` values. This way we match the image data to the input required by onnx model.
```
